Reverend Śāriputra, eight strange and wonderful things manifest themselves constantly in this house.What are these eight?

A light of golden hue shines here constantly, so bright that it is hard to distinguish day and night;and neither the moon
nor the sun shines here distinctly.That is the first wonder of this house.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, whoever enters this house is no longer troubled by his passions from the moment he is wi
thin.That is the second strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, this house is never forsaken by Sakra, Brahmā, the Lokapālas, and the bodhisattvas from 
all the other buddha-fields.That is the third strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, this house is never empty of the sounds of the Dharma, the discourse on the six transcen
dences, and the discourses of the irreversible wheel of the Dharma.That is the fourth strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, in this house one always hears the rhythms, songs, and music of gods and men,and from th
is music constantly resounds the sound of the infinite Dharma of the Buddha.That is the fifth strange and wonderful thin
g.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, in this house there are always four inexhaustible treasures, replete with all kinds of j
ewels,which never decrease, although all the poor and wretched may partake to their satisfaction.That is the sixth stran
ge and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, (at the wish of this good man, to this house come the innumerable Tathāgatas of the ten 
directions), such as the Tathāgatas Śākyamuni,Amitabha,Aksobhya, Ratnasri, Ratnarcis, Ratnacandra,Ratnavyuha,Duṣprasāha,
Sarvarthasiddha,Ratnabahula,Simhakirti,Simhasvara,(Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, )at the wish of this good man, to th
is house come the innumerable Tathāgatas of the ten directions, (such as the Tathāgatas Śākyamuni, …….. )and so forth;an
d when they come they teach the door of Dharma called the "Secrets of the Tathāgatas" and then depart.That is the sevent
h strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, all the splendors of the abodes of the gods and all the splendors of the fields of the B
uddhas shine forth in this house.That is the eighth strange and wonderful thing.

Reverend Śāriputra, these eight strange and wonderful things are seen in this house.Who then, seeing such inconceivable t
hings, would believe the teaching of the disciples?

