Thereupon, the goddess employed her magical powerto cause the elder Śāriputra to appear in her formand to cause herself t
o appear in his form.Then the goddess, transformed into Śāriputra, said to Śāriputra, transformed into a goddess,"Revere
nd Śāriputra, what prevents you from transforming yourself out of your female state?"

And Śāriputra, transformed into the goddess, replied,"I no longer appear in the form of a male! My body has changed into 
the body of a woman! I do not know what to transform!"

The goddess continued, "If the elder could again change out of the female state,then all women could also change out of t
heir female states.(All women appear in the form of women in just the same way) as the elder appears in the form of a wo
man. While they are not women in reality, they appear in the form of women.All women appear in the form of women in just
the same way(as the elder appears in the form of a woman. While they are not women in reality, they appear in the form 
of women.)With this in mind, the Buddha said,’In all things, there is neither male nor female.’"

Then, the goddess released her magical powerand each returned to his ordinary form.She then said to him,"Reverend Śāriput
ra, what have you done with your female form?"

Śāriputra: I neither made it nor did I change it.

Goddess: Just so, all things are neither made nor changed,and that they are not made and not changed, that is the teachin
g of the Buddha.

Śāriputra: Goddess, where will you be born when you transmigrate after death?

Goddess: I will be born where all the magical incarnations of the Tathāgata are born.

Śāriputra: But the emanated incarnations of the Tathāgata do not transmigrate nor are they born.

Goddess: All things and living beings are just the same; they do not transmigrate nor are they born!

Śāriputra: Goddess, how soon will you attain the perfect enlightenment of Buddhahood?

Goddess: At such time as you, elder, become endowed once more with the qualities of an ordinary individual, then will I a
ttain the perfect enlightenment of Buddhahood.

Śāriputra: Goddess, it is impossible that I should become endowed once more with the qualities of an ordinary individual.

Goddess: Just so, reverend Śāriputra, it is impossible that I should attain the perfect enlightenment of Buddhahood!Why?B
ecause perfect enlightenment stands upon the impossible.Because it is impossible, no one attains the perfect enlightenme
nt of Buddhahood.

Śāriputra:But the Tathāgata has declared: "The Tathāgatas, who are as numerous as the sands of the Ganges, have attained 
perfect Buddhahood, are attaining perfect Buddhahood, and will go on attaining perfect Buddhahood."

Goddess: Reverend Śāriputra, the expression, "the Buddhas of the past, present and future," is a conventional expression 
made up of a certain number of syllables.The Buddhas are neither past, nor present, nor future.Their enlightenment trans
cends the three times!But tell me, elder, have you attained sainthood?

Śāriputra: It is attained, because there is no attainment.

Goddess: Just so, there is perfect enlightenment because there is no attainment of perfect enlightenment.

